that you were talking about, spirits and
feelings. Well, yeah, I'm just saying that, you
know,
life is a summation of all the experiences and what
they meant to you, I think. And I have been as
fortunate a person as ever has been born in that
I've got relationships in my college days that,
frankly, most of them have been because of A&M
since I graduated. And I'm talking about local A&M
clubs. Again, I mentioned before, any church, you
meet A&M people, you met people. I know people
because I saw a ring across the room somewhere.
I've been here at Granbury. I moved down here
recently. I see those rings and walk over, and it's
an entree. You walk over there, and you're not
meeting a stranger. You don't feel like you are,
and you feel very comfortable in that. It's given
me, in my personal life, an opportunity to
accomplish a lot outside the economic realm. And
that means serving A&M in the best way that I know
how and up, frankly, maybe exceeding my level of
capability, associating with former students,
to give you an example. How in the world would you
feel ever up to serving as the president of the
Association of Former Students? You represent
200,000 people who feel about it like I do, or at
least most of us do. It's been an experience for our
family towards a social environment. It would not
be anything else. I'm not sending out many things
that are rewarding in your life, because we all
participate in those, because we all do. But Bo and
I, it's a major outlet in our personal lives.
Without it, we would be a far less rich life. It's
given us an opportunity to expose our son to Texas
A&M in the time he was a squirt, all the way to where
he graduated with it. with the experience that
I've had. And he's very dedicated to that. He feels
very similar to it than I do. And he will have a
richer life than I do. So it's meant, next to our
faith and our family, Texas A&M is right in there
with what's important to us. And it's because of
what has contributed to the life, to our life. And I
don't think that there's any way to repay that
adequately. Is there anything that I haven't
touched on that you want to... Well, first off, I
appreciate you doing this. Don't worry about it. I
think that you made a point. You know, history's a
great teacher, but you've got to record it first.
It doesn't serve the purpose of this, but not...
And my contribution, of course, is minimal, but
there's some people who are renowned who you'll be
interviewing who have experiences that are as
rich for them as mine has been for me, but their
profile is high. You see, and what I worry about
too, nobody keeps a diary anymore. We don't write
personal letters much anymore. We don't write
personal letters. And when those people are no
more, their memory will be gone. Like Aquarius, we
missed all that. Somebody needs to talk to Herbie.
But Mrs. Rudder, John Colviss, all kinds of folks
like that. That's so important. Because like you
say, there's not a good record of those things like
in the past, but people don't write things, they
email or they call the department, they phone. I
would encourage somebody down on Booth to read
that when this project is completed, that every
year the past president is interviewed. Oh, at
length. Because that is just adding another
chapter to the book, and this is not a closed book.
But hopefully it goes on for hundreds of years.